well howdy there internet people is Bo
again homeland security Secretary's out
reports are basically saying that well
she didn't want to break the law for
trump anymore so she had to go saying
that uh he referred to family separation
as a deterrent and that sure sounds like
a civil rights violation to me sure
sounds like cruel and unusual whatever
she had to go but they're gonna need a
new Homeland Security Secretary so if
you happen to be an immoral goon that
has no problem selling out your country
betraying everything that this country
stood for well you've probably got a job
at DHS cabinet-level position all you
got to do is take orders from miller
because that's who's gonna be running
the show now
now he's framing it Trump is trying to
frame this as well Congress isn't doing
their job they didn't change the laws to
make them say what I want them to say so
I can do these illegal things first off
mr. president that is Congress's job
Congress's job is to act as a check
against executive power that's their job
their whole job is to stop would-be
dictators Schoolhouse Rock put out a
video on this a long time ago called I'm
just a bill even with your GPA you
probably be able to understand it and if
it really is Congress's fault my
question would be why'd you have to can
your secretary
the President of the United States is
trying to undermine the very foundations
of this country he has been doing it
since he took office
this is extremely apparent though it's
it's it's blindingly apparent but people
still support him continued support for
Trump a vote for Trump is a vote for
authoritarian rule that's what it is
it's a vote against the Constitution it
is a spit in the face of every soldier
who has ever died fighting for this
country because in real life my
patriotic friends soldiers don't go die
for a flag or a song in theory they go
fight for an ideal and that ideal is the
Republic the representative democracy
the checks and balances that have been
in place since this country was founded
the very things this president is trying
to undermine now in real life that's not
what every soldiers died for a lot of
them because of uninformed patriotic
citizens who bought propaganda they
wound up dying just align somebody's
pocket
because today's batch of patriotic
uninformed citizens fell for his
propaganda they have sold out their
country for a Red Hat accute slogan and
to own the libs they're destroying their
country and cheering because his
propaganda scared him scared him of some
dude who just walked a thousand miles
has nothing no connections no contacts
oh he's going to take your job if he
could take your job with no connections
no contacts barely speaking the language
well that says more about you than him
and that's the thing that is the thing
America is supposed to be a
representative democracy so why does the
working-class conservative always vote
in some billionaire do you think he's
really gonna represent you he never does
he gets up there and he represents other
men of his ilk and you well they don't
really care about you
profits go up your wages stay the same
that's not Pedro's fault man it's your
fault it's your fault for voting against
your own interests it's your fault for
refusing to inform yourself it's your
fault for pretending that you're a
patriot and not understanding the very
basic principles of this country it's
your fault now to those who are not
under this gentleman's spell who have
not fallen for his cult of personality
we're in an extremely dangerous time you
have got to start speaking up constantly
every time you see it you have to talk
about it because it's going to get
really bad with Miller now holding the
reins it's gonna be constant there will
be constant rhetoric constant propaganda
blaming immigrants for everything
you have to call it out you're kind of a
last line of defense before it gets real
bad you've got to call it out it doesn't
matter if it's a relative a friend since
grade school a co-worker you have to
call it out every single time without
fail to those people who are still
supporting this goon there are people
who understood history who understood
politics and the way authoritarian
countries develop who said this was
going to happen you didn't believe them
and here we are
and here we are because the President of
the United States told you differently
well here's the thing the president of
the United States this entire time he's
been calling these asylum seekers
illegal and now come to find out just
like those stupid Lib said that is
the law
they aren't illegal that's how you claim
asylum if he lied to you about that
something that was so easily checked
what else you think he lying about the
question is why didn't you check it you
trust him trust a politician that that
bumper sticker mentality donkey elephant
red blue that is what is destroying this
country because you have farmed off your
sovereignty farmed off you were your
individual responsibility to some
politician and you just believe whatever
they say there's never been a democracy
that hasn't committed suicide and it's
because of the kind of citizens we have
today
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night